>> Jason Lengstorf: If we
look at the Network tab here,
this is actually pretty atrocious.
Because you'll notice, we are now
downloading 3.5 megabytes of image.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And that 3.5 megabytes
of image is going to show up even on
our tiny browser.
So if we're at iPhone size,
we're still downloading 3.5 megabytes
of image to fill this space.
And that's just no good.
So in a different app, what you might end
up doing is manually creating a bunch of
different sizes and writing a bunch
of media queries and having
to kind of do some art direction there and
figure out exactly what you want.
If you wanted to do that in Gatsby,
you absolutely could.
However, we will just do it for
you so that you don't have to.
And the way that we will do that is by
installing a couple Gatsby plugins.
So let's take a look here.
And we're going to stop our server.
And we'll do an npm install
of gatsby-transformer-sharp.
Sharp as a third-party library
that does image transformation.
It works in, I think it's like a C binary
or something that Node then wraps.
And it's pretty powerful.
It's also kind of a mystery,
I don't really know how it works.
But it's really, really cool in
what it allows us to accomplish.
So then we're gonna use the plugin-sharp.
Now, the difference between
a transformer and a plugin, the plugin
is gonna install Sharp and kinda make
Sharp available to do various things.
The transformer looks for
nodes that are images and
will apply image transformations to them.
So a transformer in Gatsby is
a plugin that looks for data and
will transform data from
one type to another.
It's a really, really powerful model.
And then the other thing that we
want here is we're going to install
component from a third-party that's
called gatsby-background-image.
>> Jason Lengstorf: So
once we get this installed,
>> Jason Lengstorf: We're gonna hop
into our,
>> Jason Lengstorf: gatsby-config.
So let's do that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And we're going to,
first, just add in the transformer and
the plug-in.
So gatsby-transformer-sharp.
No config there.
gatsby-plugin-sharp.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Same thing,
doesn't need any options.
And then now we wanna get at our images.
And so I'm going to just create
another gatsby-source-filesystem and
call it images.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And we’ll just
create a folder up here next to our post
that’s also called images.
So let me create the folder,
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
I’m going to move this static image,
>> Jason Lengstorf: Up into images.
So I want it to be there instead.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And that means that I
no longer need this static images folder
either, so I can just delete that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: So
now that we've got this,
what's gonna happen is Gatsby's gonna
look inside of this images folder.
And because we've got the transformers for
the transformer and
the plugin for sharp,
it's going to do stuff to those images.
And that is a really, really powerful
model for us because what it means
is that we can get in here and do some
really cool things with these images.
So let's start our server again.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And
once we get up and running,
because we haven't written any code,
nothing's gonna be happening yet.
But let's jump into the playground.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And what I'm going
to do is, let's pull up just our images.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And we'll start
by looking at the relative path.
So if I run this, we can see now that
Gatsby is aware that this image exists.
And it can find it.
And that's useful.
We just, through that alone, would be
able to identify where the file is.
And theoretically,
we could try to bring it in or something.
But that's not super useful now.
But because we've
installed the sharp stuff,
we're able to,
>> Jason Lengstorf: Where did it go?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Need to refresh?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Here,
we can get into childImageSharp.
And childImageSharp is a whole other
node that has all sorts of stuff in it.
So one of the things that we can do
is we can get the original image.
And if I get the original image,
that needs a width, a height and a source.
So I can just kinda get
some data about this.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And so,
we can see, this image is way too big.
We just don't need it to be that big.
But we would be able to
link to that directly.
We could put this in as our source on
the background image and it would work.
But it wouldn't solve our problem
because the image would still be huge,
it's the original image.
So instead, we're going to use
something called a fluid image.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And in a fluid image,
we have a handful of options.
We create a base64 encoded
version of the image.
We can do a traced SVG
version of the image,
which is something we're not gonna
get into today, but it's really cool.
You can get the aspect ratio.
You can get its source.
So if we grab its source,
we can see, okay, that's good.
What if we want its srcSet?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Let's grab that,
okay, so now we're looking at cool things.
All right, here's the original,
there's the big one.
And if I come out here to my localhost and
I just dropped this in,
there's my giant image, right?
And this is the uncompressed,
full-size image.
But I also have,
here's a 400 pixel version of it.
So I can come back out here.
And let's look at this one instead.
And now,
we've got a smaller version of it.
And if we wanna really tiny version of it,
like a thumbnail version,
I can come back out here and
grab the thumbnail version.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And so basically, what
Gatsby's done is it's taken this image and
it's created a whole array of different
sizes for different viewports and
different resolutions, so
that we don't have to do that work.